Sometimes people take education for granted, overlooking that not everyone has
the privilege to experience it. Many students face financial struggles, which can pose
challenges when accessing university education, particularly if they lack the means for a
personal vehicle or if they live so far that public transportation is not an option. However,
these circumstances should not impede their ability to pursue higher education and better
themselves.
With RideMate getting to university will be affordable, safe, convenient, and
eco-friendly. RideMate is a system designed specifically for students that will eliminate
the challenges of commuting alone for hours and connect like-minded students,
promoting safety and a sense of community within the campus environment. Some of the
system's features are user registration and authentication, ride booking, reviews and
ratings, driver matching, and university selection. The main difference between RideMate
and other existing ride-hailing apps is that rides will only occur between students. To
minimize safety issues, users will be authenticated by school id and email, making sure
they are a student at the same university. One of the advantages of RideMate is that it is
significantly customizable. It can be personalized by adding profile pictures and reviews,
as well as, configured to meet individual needs such as one gender ride or location of
pick up. This strengthens the website's identity in the community.
RideMate offers a special level of flexibility for its users. Whether you need a ride
from anywhere to your selected university or wish to provide transportation, the platform
allows you to post a ride with a specified number of available seats. Alternatively, you
can quickly find a ride to school as soon as they become available. This unique flexibility
empowers users to obtain or provide transportation at any time. RideMate makes
transportation convenient and accessible for all, regardless of their location or schedule.
Also, the system is designed to be user-friendly, with intuitive search and navigation tools
making it easier for users to find and reserve rides, and receive notifications about
availability.
RideMate - university transportation meets the power of communit
