Non-Functional Requirements:
The Non-functional requirements are those that determine the  systems operating parameters. These parameters govern how the software will behave in different instances
and will form a base for its efficient and inefficient operation.
1. Performance 
The performance requirements of the webpage will count on a number of varying parameters.
1.1 Responsiveness- This is the ability of the website to load on a variety of screen sizes and resolutions as well. The typical screen sizes that should be catered for
is the typical 11.6 to 17-inch laptop screens and also cater for 19 to 30-inch desktop monitor screens as well. The resolution should be capable of handling the lowest
1280 x 1024 to the higest range of 1920 x1200.
1.2. User Concurrency-The system should be efficient to handle multiple users at a time. For this project, we will average 10 people accessing the webpage at a time with the system
not slowing down. Any increase in users at a single instance will result in slowing down or lagging of the user interface. We will strive to have a load time under
2 seconds which is an acceptable industry standard.
1.3. Transaction speed per request- The transaction speed should be under five seconds to avoid users from getting impatient which may lead them to leave the webpage 
ideally, we will be aiming for a time of about 3 seconds.

1.4 Reliability- The webpage must be reliable and should be glitching or failing on a continuous basis. The website should be kept current and up to date to eliminate
failures and crashes at any point in time. The most acceptable for this new app may be one crash or failure per month.
1.5 Storage Utilization- The website should run and utilize the allocated memory it was given, it should not allow the accumulation of extra files and temporary files will
grow the memory in a significant way that all the allocated memory will be used up causing a crash of the site.
1.6 Recovery- The website should be easily recovered in case of any failure and should be able to be put back in service within 30 minutes of any failure since this is
a small website catered to a limited range of people. 
1.7 Back up An entire backup file of all website data should be kept so that it may easily be loaded back into the system to allow for continuity of service.

2. Usability
2.1 Ease of use- The website should be easy for anyone with basic computer skills should be able to train or adapt to using the website easily. Ease of use
will be a key feature of the website.
2.2 Learnability- The website should be easy to learn and memorize ideally a fifteen-minute period the website may be memorized.

3. Accessibility- 
3.1.The website should be accessible over a range of internet bandwidths. The range should cater to speeds 25Mbps and upwards.
3.2 The website should be able to load from a variety of internet browsers. These should include but not be limited to Firefox, Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and Safari.

4. Expected Load- The expected load is an average of ten users at a time. We anticipate this as this website and service will be used by the students of Florida 
Atlantic University only. The initial version may cater to the Boca Raton campus and then expand to the Davie and Harbor branches eventually.

5. Security Requirements 
5.1 The security requirements will require an email to log in  along with a password
5.2 The use firebase with react authentication will be used to ensure email and login are allowed to use the service.

6. Portability
The website will be available for use on desktops, laptops, and tablets via a web browser eventually there are plans to extend this to an Android and an iOS app.

7. Supportability
The coding to be used will be HTML and CSS. The Figma app will be used for the testing page.

8. Availability
8.1 The system must be reliable ad available 24 hours a day 365 days a year.
8.2 Tech support will be available via an email system.
8.3 All attempts will be made to ensure continuous if there is a need for any downtime communication will be sent out to all users.

9. Fault Tolerance 
All attempts will be made to handle any sort of exception handling that may be needed for this app. All attempts will be made to handle this within the allocated resources.


